📝 Add query documentation (#463)
share/sharedb: docs/queries.md

1. TOC
{:toc}

## Fetch query

A fetch query will simply query the database for all the documents that match the given query, and return them. The query results will be passed into the provided callback, or can be retrieved by listening for the [`'ready'`]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#ready) event.

For example, when using `sharedb-mongo`, you can use Mongo queries. This will fetch all the documents whose `userId` is `1`:

```js
const options = {}
connection.createFetchQuery('my-collection', {userId: 1}, options, (error, results) => {
  // results is an array of Doc instances with their data populated
})
```

{: .info }
See the [API documentation]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/connection.md %}#createfetchquery) for valid options.

[`createFetchQuery`]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/connection.md %}#createfetchquery) also returns a
[`Query`]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}) instance, which can be used instead:

```js
const query = connection.createFetchQuery('my-connection', {userId: 1})
query.on('ready', () => {
  // results are now available in query.results
})
```

## Subscribe query

> A subscribe query acts similarly to a [fetch query](#fetch-query), except a subscribe query will update its own [`results`]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#results--array) in response to documents being [added]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#insert), [removed]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#remove) or [moved]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#move) (eg if the query is sorted).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
A subscribe query acts similarly to a [fetch query](#fetch-query), except a subscribe query will update its own [`results`]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#results--array) in response to documents being [added]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#insert), [removed]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#remove) or [moved]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link api/query.md %}#move) (e.g. if the query is sorted).
```

```

{: .info }
`sharedb-mongo` [queries](https://github.com/share/sharedb-mongo#queries) are not quite the same as MongoDB queries, and allow definition of some cursor functions directly in the query object.

One way subscription queries act differently to a direct database query is that pages will automatically be updated. For example, consider this collection:

```json
{"userId": 1, "value": 5}
{"userId": 1, "value": 7}
{"userId": 1, "value": 3}
{"userId": 1, "value": 1}
{"userId": 2, "value": 2}
```

Let's run a limited query:

```js
const q = {userId: 1, $sort: {value: 1}, $limit: 3}
const query = connection.createSubscribeQuery('values', q)
query.on('ready', () => {
  // query.results looks like this:
  // [
  //   {userId: 1, value: 1},
  //   {userId: 1, value: 3},
  //   {userId: 1, value: 5},
  // ]
})
```

Now let's insert a new document and listen for the change:

```js
const newDoc = connection.get('values', id)
newDoc.create({userId: 1, value: 0})

query.on('changed', () => {
  // query.results has been updated:
  // [
  //   {userId: 1: value: 0},
  //   {userId: 1: value: 1},
  //   {userId: 1: value: 3},
  // ]
})
```

> 

Reviewer: Feels like it would be a nice place to add some more information about how it works - I might be understanding it wrong but here is my shot:

```suggestion

The `query.results` contain the first 3 values from the query in sorted order, and not the 3 values that were returned initially. 

```
